Added vlc recording feature (#230)
solid-software/flutter_vlc_player: flutter_vlc_player/README.md

```

### Recording feature
To start/stop video recording, you have to call the `startRecording(String saveDirectory)` and `stopRecording()` methods, respectively. By calling the stop method you can get the path of recorded file from `vlcPlayerController.value.recordPath`.

> <b>Note</b>: there is a bug in vlc library that if you do not call the `stopRecording()` method and the video reaches to end the recorded video path is not getting updated, because the vlc stop recording event never gets called.

Reviewer: Let's create a `Known Issues` section closer to the bottom of the readme, and move it there.

Also, specify that:
1. The issue is specific to iOS -- I don't think I ran into the problem on Android.
2. The issue has to do with the underlying library itself, not the Dart wrapper we're supporting.

Author: @mitchross and I tested on a real android device and the same problem occurs. So it's not specific to IOS platform.
Since we currently support both Android & IOS platforms, i don't think we need to mention it in readme.

Be sure to follow instructions above after 

<br>

### Breaking Changes (from V4 to V5)
Entire platform has been refactored in v5. It will require a refactor of your app to follow v5. 

<br>
<hr>
<br>

## Known Issues

> <b>1)</b> there is an issue in the <u>recording feature of underlying vlc library (not the Dart wrapper we're supporting)</u>, that if you do not call the `stopRecording()` method after `startRecording(...)` method and the video reaches to end the recorded video path is not getting updated, because the vlc stop recording event never gets fired.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase a bit:

```suggestion
<b>1)</b> The video recording feature is problematic in iOS: if the video reaches its end while you're recording it, the underlying `vlckit` library fails to finalise the recording process, and we cannot retrieve the recorded file. The issue is reported and tracked here: [https://code.videolan.org/videolan/VLCKit/-/issues/394](https://code.videolan.org/videolan/VLCKit/-/issues/394) (see last comment from September 22, 2020)
```

Reviewer 2: The issue is prevalent on Android too. I was able to reproduce on Android.

Reviewer: Thanks for pointing that out! 
Curiously, it didn't reproduce on my device -- maybe the problem is device-specific.

In any case, I think it would be good to leave a link for the tracked issue on VLC Gitlab. Given that the problem exists on both platforms, I suspect that the bug should be in `libvlc` per se, not its iOS/Android wrappers. Could you please try finding the issuetracker on their Gitlab? 
If not, I'll be able to make a quick search on Monday.

Author: i updated readme and i also searched about this issue on libvlc-android. 
I only found the following link:
[https://code.videolan.org/videolan/vlc-android/-/issues/2117](https://code.videolan.org/videolan/vlc-android/-/issues/2117)

Reviewer: My thought was too look for similar issues on the Gitlab repo of the core `libvlc` library: https://code.videolan.org/videolan/vlc/-/issues.

Author: I looked at that repo too, but i didn't find any issue.
